
Action: Based on my analysis:

CURRENT STATE:
- The bot is at v40.31 - ABSOLUTE MOVE FILTER & TEMPO MASTERY
- File has 43,410 lines
- The user says they are at the 48th session and wants me to continue the plans

From the most recent game analysis:
[White "AlphaZero"]
[Black "lichess AI level 8"]
[Result "0-1"]
The bot (AlphaZero as White) lost again. Key issues I can see:

1. e4 e5 2. d3?? - This is a terrible passive opening move! AlphaZero should play 2. Nf3 or 2. Nc3 or 2. d4 (King's Gambit)
2. The d3 Leonardis Variation is passive and gives Black equality immediately
3. The bot keeps playing this d3 system and losing

The pattern I see in all the recent games:
- The bot often plays passive openings (d3, Nc3 systems)
- It gets outplayed in the middlegame
- It fails to create counterplay
- It walks into tactical disasters

From the session files, I can see that:
- v40.31 has a HARD MOVE FILTER that should reject d3/e3 in openings
- There are tempo tracking systems
- There are knight fork shields
- But the bot is STILL playing these passive systems and losing

The user wants me to continue from session 48. Let me check what improvements are needed based on the recent game:

RECENT GAME ANALYSIS:
1. e4 c5 - Sicilian Defense
2. Nc3 d6
...eventually lost by checkmate

Key Problems in this game:
1. Playing d3 system again (passive)
2. Not creating enough counterplay
3. Missing tactical threats
4. Queen got trapped/overrun
5. Lost the initiative completely

What needs to be done for v40.32:
1. STRONGER opening book enforcement - Must play d4 against Sicilian, not d3
2. ENHANCED tactical scanning - The bot is still missing tactical threats
3. ABSOLUTE piece safety - No hanging pieces ever
4. BETTER counterplay generation - When behind, must create complications
5. STRONGER central control - d4/e4 control must be prioritized

Let me look at what was planned in the last session and continue from there.
Observation: Your thought has been logged.